Tasks:
1. Recording Paint line's conveyor belt movement
2. Ed's excel sheets
3. Organize stockroom
4. Plex WIR screen to Monday.com
5. Pull drawbar information from Plex to Monday.com
6. Plex to message board
7. Dan's excel sheets
8. Kevin's excel sheets
9. Digital employment application
10. Rick, Excel, and Monday
11. Upgrading the Dev site's PHP and plugins
12. Making wanco.com/home/message-sign-qr
13. Sha256 verification
14. Facial Recognition
15. HTML checksum

Status stages:
Requirements - I'm still gathering information on what has to be done in this project
Modeling - I'm gathering details on how to achieve the end goal
Construction - I'm programming the script
Deployment - The script/work is getting tested to determine its viability, uncover bugs, and "inspire" more requirements
Complete - The project is done, though it may be revisited in the future due to new conditions
Abandoned - Under certain circumstances, the project had to be cancelled and was never followed through

1. Objective: Track the auto line's conveyor belt movement using Rick's metal detector.
Status: Construction 
Priority: Medium
Current events: Rick has created a metal detector that signals 0, 1, and 3 depending on if the 
belt is moving, still, or in error. Glenn has suggested that ready-made hardware (ex. hour meter
be purchased and used to track the motor or the 'command line'. The command line is supposedly
where the belt is turned on and off, so monitoring the source of movement is the most straightforward
idea. Glenn said he'd talk to Alex about this project. Since there's no date as to when I can expect
a final version of the metal detector, fundamental changes to the methodology may occur.

2. Objective: Reformat Ed's excel sheets for simpler transfer to Monday.com.
Status: Abandoned
Priority: None
Current events: People seem to believe that I gave this program to Ed. I haven't.
He doesn't have it because the fall 2020 semester started before I gave it to him.
When I came back, the important project to work on was project 6. I'm sure the 
fabrication, paint, or stockroom team has noticed that Ed (probably) still sends in
his personalized excel sheets, but the lack of communication at Wanco means information
like that doesn't spread. 

3. Objective: Search for active parts in SR03-15 and C00-11. Once inside container history,
determine if the container is inactive.
Status: Abandoned
Priority: None
Current events: I'm waiting for Kevin's input on the resulting excel sheet I sent him. I don't
think it'll happen.

4. Objective: Take relevant information from the WIR page and put them in an excel sheet.
This should be universal for each line.
Status: Abandoned
Priority: None
Current events: I'm still trying to figure out the WIR results table. No one has inquired about
this in months so I think the idea is dead.

5. Objective: Use one of two methods, PRP or WIR, to pull draw bar information off of Plex
and put it in an excel sheet for Monday.com. The automated importation to Monday.com may be viable.
Status: Abandoned
Priority: None
Current events: In addition to no one mentioning this project for a long time, Kit was fired and
replaced by someone else. If this project is to come to fruition, the program has to be demoed to
the new head.

6. Objective: Get the amount of trailers dropped in trailer lines one and two and display them on
a message board. The board should tell the current time and turn red if a line hasn't made a trailer
in a certain time frame. An .ini file is read in with the required parameters.
Status: Deployment
Priority: Medium
Current events: After receiving a new DCU board, I have to run more tests. I cannot do those yet until
the IT department puts in the board behind a NAT router. When the project is ready to roll, I have to
run the .exe through task scheduler on a separate computer on my work station. Dagan said he'd take
care of the NAT router. Since Glenn said Wanco's first ITS project is probably gonna finish up in 2
weeks, I should expect to work on this in the near future.

7. Objective: Reformat Dan's excel sheets for simpler transfer to Monday.com.
Status: Complete
Priority: None
Current events: After many tweaks to the code after deployment, Dan hasn't requested my help on it.

8. Objective: Combine many of Kevin's excel workbooks and sheets into one sheet.
Status: Complete
Priority: None
Current events: Kevin has his gigasheet and probably won't ask me to do this again for a while

9. Objective: Use wordpress and gravity forms to make a digital employment application to put
on Wanco's website.
Status: Deployment
Priority: Low
Current events: The form has been completed on the development site. I'll leave it up to Alex to do
what he sees fit with it.

10. Objective: Make a program that takes in information about part requests and puts the data on an
Excel sheet for Monday.com for Rick Sr.
Status: Complete
Priority: None
Current events: I have taught him how to use the program and only what he needs for Monday.com.

11. Objective: Upgrade the dev and live sites' PHP and plugins.
Status: Abandoned
Priority: None
Current Events: The dev site has been rolled back to PHP 5.6. No one has talked about this since.
A tremendous amount of work would be required from more people than myself to update the site to
be compatible with PHP 8.0. Since the site works for now and no one (besides myself) has a lot of time
to do anything else, I don't believe we'll ever update the site unless a really big problem occurs
because of it.

12. Objective: Make a page on the Wanco's website that contains troubleshooting information
about Wanco products that customers reach by scanning QR stickers.
Status: Construction
Priority: Extremely Low
Current Events: The example page I made that displayed different formatting was on the live site.
However, something that I'm not quite clear on happened to the live site, so the example page is
gone. Due to the prominence of Wanco's first ITS project, I think the QR idea has been pushed back
a lot.

13. Objective: Make a program that generates the SHA256 hash value of files.
Make a second program that compares the SHA256 hash values of those files.
Status: Complete
Priority: None
Current Events: I have realized that this project was moot when I discovered that 7-Winzip
came with hashing features. The program isn't needed to generate the SHA256 hash value of
files since 7-Winzip allows users to easily do that with the right-click menu. However,
Rick said he'd use the program anyway and is apparently satisfied with it. Project done.

14. Objective: Collect information from Wanco's new facial recognition machines and put 
them into Plex.
Status: Requirements
Priority: Medium
Current Events: Waiting on David Fuchs to purchase a new facial recognition machine since
the one I have now cannot connect to my computer and the physical and pdf instruction
manuals don't help at all. 

15. Objective: Calculate the Sha256 hash value of a page's HTML to determine if changes
have occurred.
Status: Construction
Priority: Low
Current Events: The base of the program has been created, but I still have to show it to 
Dagan and Wynn.
